# Sync Things

## Mastodon Thread

https://mastodon.social/@groeneveldstudio/116713343948596107

1/6 

Day 1 of WWDC. I'll spend the next 10 hours, before the keynote starts, building a small open source app in public.

To show it's possible to build high quality software with coding agents, I'll be using Claude Code.

2/6
Coding agents are great tools and can be productivity multipliers when used correctly. Unfortunately the millions of AI slop money-grab apps aren't setting good examples.
First rule of coding agents: don't use one for something you couldn't do yourself. Otherwise you can't understand or verify it.

3/6
The app is something I genuinely use every day: syncing small pieces of text between my computers, similar to Iconfactory's Tot.

I really like Tot, but I have two issues with it

4/6

Instead of 7 somewhat large text slots, I want many small ones and: I need to share these notes with other accounts.

I'm sure there are great apps that do this, including Apple's own Notes, but I want something more lightweight and not monetized to death.

5/6

My minimum goal for the next 10 hours:
– CRUD "vaults" I can share with other iCloud accounts
– CRUD small pieces of text in those vaults, synced via iCloud
– support both iOS and macOS

6/6

I'll use Claude Code to write this with my guidance and (hopefully) minimal intervention.

I do believe software engineering is becoming more about verification and oversight than writing code, whether we like it or not.

## Dependencies
`Tuist` to generate the Xcode project.

## Dev Log
[10:00]
I'm using the superpowers and PFW skills to create the app. I could probably one-shot it with these, but I find it hard to review giant PRs, so I go step by step. All plans and documentation will be committed to the repository and all PRs and branches will be kept.

As we all know, LLMs are prone to hallucinations and making mistakes. So the goal is to create constraints that guide an agent towards the correct path. We're lucky with Swift and its strong and staitc typed nature. The first constraint we put on the agent is the compiler itself. In my opinion Point-Free's TCA is a great second constraint: it introduces more rigidity that the agent must keep themselves to. Plus, they have a set of skills that guide an agent really well. I liked TCA before coding agents and I think it's even more valuable in this day and age.

Similarly, even before coding agents were a thing, I liked to structure my projects in a Swift package and the Xcode project was just a thin wrapper around it. I really don't like Xcode and try to do as much of my work in Emacs as possible. So I will start the work by setting up the project's structure: a Swift package and an Xcode project generated by tuist. I also create a Makefile so that I can build the project and run the app in the Simulator easily.

Opting to use the Point-Free ecosystem also comes with SQLiteData which will be ideal for what I'm creating here.
